✨ Select highest tag when there are sibling tags (#279)
sbt/sbt-dynver: README.md

mimaPreviousArtifacts := previousStableVersion.value.map(organization.value %% moduleName.value % _).toSet
```

#### Multiple tags on the same commit

> In case the last know tag has sibling tags that points at the same commit, the highest tag is used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In case the last known tag has sibling tags that point at the same commit, the highest tag is used.
```
